Delegates that you're I know you're watching videos in HD.
Let's start with the proper introduction.
My name is man and I would be your instructor in this course.
And I've been teaching online for almost three years now and I started you know me and be starting off
2015.
So let me give you an introduction about the course that what you will be learning in it.
So in the first section we will start with the setting up press.
We will set up the best on our local host and we will play our team and do every unnecessary thing about
setting up or press.
OK.
And in the second section we will do some real stuff like greeting bonus pages and categories and you
show you how to do that endeavor press even if you are new to her breasts then it really cover everything
about both bodies and categories and you will be able to apply it on any Vered best website.
Okay.
And indeed code section we will start customizing our block team OK.
We will customize each and everything of our team like Henry setting their goal setting boards for sidebars
and then we add Schir icons and then I can show you how commensal work OK.
So like I said if you are new to address then this course will give you the daily interaction about
how you can get your own website or blog and work best.
This is not just cover everything of our blog but also everything about what best because we would be
creating a blog in a breath and the foot section is you can see the most important section of scores
because in this course every show you that how you can optimize your blog or website but better as.
Oh you mean search engine optimization and that means how we can make our blog better in the eyes of
search engines like Google Bing and the search engines.
OK.
So this is the most important most important section of discourse.
Okay.
And then we were to mind up of course in the U.S. okay.
And I can show you then how you can upload your blog on the live server and how you can monetize your
skills to make some money and what you have learned in discourse and how you can use those skills to
make some money.
Okay.
And then I have a little bullet for you or the video and you guys are watching this video.
And lets start working in the next video and make sure whenever you have a question make sure you end
our discussion.
OK.
And I will reply to you as soon as I see the discussion.
Okay.
And Ive played every single discussion.
OK.
So whatever question you have just asked and I will reply to you as soon as possible.
So you were watching this video.
And let's start working in the next video.